Asaf Rubin was born on a cold winter's morning in the sprawling metropolis of Johannesburg in South Africa to two confused parents who couldn't for the life of them fathom why this 3kg chunk of flesh would think academia would be a reasonable career path. In their angst, they decided to exact their revenge by naming him 'Asaf', which is pronounced with an emphasis on the second syllable, very much like an angry sneeze. "Ah-SUF". 

As a child, Asaf was a huge nerd. He spent countless hours reading dusty old copies of Encyclopaedia Britannica, trying to memorise the periodic table of elements and the stars in the galaxy with the vague hope that it might somehow impress his friends (editor's note: it didn't) or at some point help him find a girlfriend and / or wife (editor's note: it also didn't). Nevertheless, Asaf read with a voracious appetite, did his best to emulate his favourite authors by writing his own little sci-fi and fantasy novels and did this all the way up until he finished school and decided he wanted to spend the rest of his days reading and writing. 

Asaf attended Wits University in Johannesburg, South Africa where he studied a Bachelor of Commerce in Business Science. It was here that he discovered the wonderful world of academia and decided after graduating to pursue a Masters, then a PhD in the same subject. 

The topic of Asaf's research was how the tenets of management science could be applied to harness the power of collective intelligence in order to solve problems. His PhD thesis posed the question of how scientific research might make use of new information and communication technologies (such as the internet and social media) to collate critical disparate information from around the world in real time to help find solutions to complex problems ranging from natural disasters to how to most efficiently inject toothpaste into a tube.

After graduating from his PhD in 2018, Asaf's supervisor asked him what he wanted to do for post-doc, and he promptly fled the country. He arrived, 13 hour later on a small rain-soaked island just north of the European continent in a city known the locals call 'London'. In 2019, Asaf started working at global executive search and leadership advisory firm Russell Reynolds Associates, joining their Board and CEO Advisory Practice (BCAP). 

After five years, several promotions and a newfound respect for Zero-Inbox at Russell Reynolds, Asaf decided it was time to return to the books and enrolled in the prestigious MBA program at INSEAD, located in the quiet forrest village of Fontainebleau in France. There, he spent ten months learning the arcane arts of financial statements interpretations and NPV calculations, interspersed with regular international treks with fellow students to Paris, Beijing, Shanghai, Silicon Valley and Lagos, amongst others, where he began to develop an understanding of how global politics, economics, business, strategy, supply chains and technology all interact to shape the way the world works. 

After graduating from his MBA in 2025, Asaf decided to take a much needed break and think through next steps. He flew back home to South Africa to spend the next few months with family and friends in weather that isn't a constant stream of clouds and rain. During this sabbatical, Asaf joined INSEAD's Centre for Corporate Governance as a researcher, drawing on his knowledge acquired at Russell Reynolds, and also joined Loyal VC as an advisor. He will making his triumphant return to London in April 2026 to put his newfound skills to use and to continue on his journey of learning, growing and helping the world find solutions to complex problems. 